::

       /\__\     /\__\     /\__\     /\__\
    __/::\__\___/::\__\___/::\__\___/::\__\
    _/::\:\__\_/::\:\__\_/:/\:\__\_/\:\:\__\
    _\/\::/__/_\/\::/__/_\:\/:/__/_\:\:\/__/
    ____\/__/_____\/__/___\::/__/___\::/__/
    Aaron Paterson,  2017  \/__/     \/__/
    Andrew Donshik.

The Private-Peer-Domain-Syndication Manifesto:

PPDS is an open-source and semi-centralized replacement to traditional
domain registration and distribution methods. PPDS is meant to be a
drop-in challenger to traditional domain serving and registration. It
seeks to completely remove the commercial and governmental reliance of
domain spaces, and make domain resolution and registration a user
controlled and user regulated process. Domain name servers are replaced
by RSS-esque domain aggregators that can be created and maintained by
anyone. It is their responsibility to map domain names to their
respective IP address, but they can choose to map any domain to any
address they wish. Users of PPDS can also subscribe to other peoples’
domain aggregators, and these aggregations are downloaded in full or in
part to their computer. These domain aggregators come in the form of
JSON mappings between the ip address and the new domain. Requests for
these domains are resolved locally whenever possible, minimizing the
amount of outgoing information related to their browsing activity. Users
can enable multiple aggregators at once if they want, and users decide
how domains are deduplicated between multiple aggregators. The goal of
the project is to make domain names an openly managed and accessible
resource.

Repo formatting and protocol to follow.

The current idea of implementation is to create a hosts-file patch
manager that downloads from a central repository (user-repos will be
possible of course) that is verified through some kind of cert service.

TODO:

Implement download requests from the repositories.

*Real* Conflict Management

Some kind of public key private key verification for repositories.

GUI

A spec so that people can code implementations that aren’t written by me

Building/Running:

I’ve only tested this against Python 3.6, but there’s no reason it
wouldn’t work on earlier versions.

DOES NOT WORK ON PYTHON 2

run setup.py install or setup.py build bdist\_wheel and install with pip
